[receiver/k8sobjects]: add top-level interval fallback for pull-mode objects (#48452)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/k8sobjectsreceiver/README.md

  - `propagate` will propagate the error to the collector as an Error.
  - `ignore` will log and ignore the error and continue.
  - `silent` will ignore the error and continue without logging.

> - `interval` (default = `1h`): Default pull interval applied to all pull-mode objects that do not set their own `interval`. Has no effect on watch-mode objects. Can be overridden per-resource via `objects[*].interval`.

Reviewer: > Has no effect on watch-mode objects

Can you please add a test for this?

Author: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/48452/changes/a54e2e85b954d5e66d95ee896d2f74ac31867a90

> - `interval` (default = `1h`): Default pull interval applied to all pull-mode objects that do not set their own `interval`. Has no effect on watch-mode objects. Can be overridden per-resource via `objects[*].interval`.

Reviewer: > default = `1h`

Technically, this is only 1h if we don't set both the new and per-object interval, right?

Author: Yes, I updated the readme to make it clear https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/48452/changes/c970aa40431adc082cc5c27ea70a17933d85743a

  - `propagate` will propagate the error to the collector as an Error.
  - `ignore` will log and ignore the error and continue.
  - `silent` will ignore the error and continue without logging.

> - `interval`: Default pull interval applied to all pull-mode objects that do not set their own `interval`. Falls back to `1h` when neither this field nor the per-resource `objects[*].interval` is set. Has no effect on watch-mode objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `interval`: Top level pull interval applied to all pull-mode objects that do not set their own `interval`. Falls back to `1h` when neither this field nor the per-resource `objects[*].interval` is set. Has no effect on watch-mode objects.
```
